where would you like to dine your royal highness
do not want to swim you can go home
I'll see you next weekend
next good if it is what you have decided
palace may one day be queen
I want to help people
and giving love you are very good at the difficult
is to receive it
this is bullshit I can show you all this
there is a cafeteria on the ground floor but
close soon you can come to dinner
go home whenever you want
and I'm serious I do not know how to contact
with you had told the world I have
a good mobile like everyone does not
I have four health does not treat me like
a princess is like she does not know who
I'm maybe you do not know maybe it's
misinformed
is the most famous woman in the world using
power tried to bring to light a problem
what happens around the world
I have fallen in love with a surgeon
nobody had captivated me so much
if what you feel is so strong the
feel the same we do not go to the
confines of the kingdom the next days go
to be a bit complicated
If I marry you if I also
all the planet
I'm a surgeon I can not work with
paparazzi putting my cameras in the
face when we have res you ignore all
warning signs
stop telling me that everything will be fixed
everything is arranged goes wrong
you have received an invitation of hatred to
valley you feel good doing this
trip
do not do it because you feel lonely
and I was trying to find a way to
we were together